The next step in programming.
Our invoice system is to make our check buttons clickable so that we can replace number zero with anything
we want to type inside a checkbox.
Then when selecting a checkbox, it should get blocked and number zero should reappear.
We'll do it right away.
How so?
When creating the check buttons, we have to assign one more attribute to them, which is a call through
command to a function that hasn't been created yet.
This function will be named review check.
As you may have guessed, this function is intended to verify our check buttons.
Of course it is highlighted as that function doesn't exist.
Let's copy this call so as to include it in the create check button section of the create drink items
and create dessert items as well.
We should create this function right now so that these complaints stop.
We said its name will be reviewed.
Check and let's decide on the contents.
So let's think it through.
This function will be called every time a checkbox is modified, whether because it was selected or
D selected.
This function, when called, has to verify if a checkbox was selected or D selected in order to recognize
if its textbox was activated.
That is, we can type inside it or deactivated.
That is showing number zero and a gray background.
So we'll have to go over the food box lists and we'll need a counter for that which can be named X.
This counter will help us count the indexes on each list.
Okay, so let's go to our loop for each be in food box list, which would be all the text boxes next
to the check boxes.
This loop will iterate over each of them and check if a condition is met in food variables.
Food variables is this very list which was empty, but then we assign the variable to it so as to know
if the checkbox was selected or D selected.
That's why we decided on checking if food variables in its index x get it's equal to one.
If so, it means it was selected.
The checkbox was ticked.
Therefore, we want the food box state beside that checkbox in its index x to be normal so that we are
able to start typing inside that box.
So let's check if it worked.
For example, let's tick chicken.
And so that gray color has gone, but it is still at zero.
If we do the same with salmon, nothing happens as we haven't made our counter add up a value when it
finishes looping through.
So let's position ourselves here and type plus equals one besides x.
If we execute this now, we can do this with chicken, lamb, or any food.
We can't do that with drinks and desserts as we haven't configured them yet.
Well, we manage to activate this and type here, but it'd be best if the zero disappeared automatically.
So food box and its index x dot delete.
So this will now delete from zero to end.
So let's execute this again.
And now zero disappears automatically every time we take any food.
All right.
It would also be best if a blinking cursor appeared every time we tick a checkbox.
Let's do that.
So let's go here.
Food box and it's location x dot focus.
This is a method used to place a blinking cursor in a specific element or widget.
Execute this again.
Not only do number zero and color disappear, but a blinking cursor appears so that we can start typing
anything.
Perfect.
Now we have to set up our box so that it gets deactivated when we deselect our checkbox.
So else that is in case food variables dot get is not equal to one will make food box in its index x
dot config go back to a disabled state and it will also make food text in its index x dot set B equal
to a string zero.
So it will go back to its initial state.
So let's see if this worked.
Select LAMB Type 56 D select lamb and it will reset its value to zero.
So we've managed to work this out with our food.
So let's try the same with our drinks and desserts.
Good news is this will be easier as we have to copy and paste.
Remember that I already entered the function call in each checkbox definition so we'd only have to copy
all of this and paste it inside the same function.
Let's make some space and create another one here.
Right here in the middle.
We should make several selections and replace food with drink and we should do the same with dessert.
Let's select everything like this and replace food with dessert.
So let me check the indentation as it's paramount.
Okay, let's execute this to see if everything's on its right place.
We see that chicken works as well as salmon and kebab.
So let's try drinks then.
Desserts, and they all seem to work.
If we select brownies, it goes back to zero as well as soda.
This means that everything is perfect.
For our next lesson.
We'll make calculations using the values of the products that are selected.
I'll see you there.